capital = 64

set_technology = {
}
set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 200
set_stability = 0.75 
set_war_support = 0.5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = national_socialism
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	national_socialism = 90
	fascism = 1
	absolutism = 9
}

create_faction = Axis
add_to_faction = GER
add_to_faction = ITA

set_autonomy = {
	target = SLO
	autonomous_state = autonomy_reichskommissariat
}
set_autonomy = {
	target = HOL
	autonomous_state = autonomy_reichskommissariat
}
set_autonomy = {
	target = BEL
	autonomous_state = autonomy_reichskommissariat
}
set_autonomy = {
	target = SER
	autonomous_state = autonomy_reichskommissariat
}
set_autonomy = {
	target = DEN
	autonomous_state = autonomy_reichskommissariat
}
set_autonomy = {
	target = NOR
	autonomous_state = autonomy_reichskommissariat
}
set_autonomy = {
	target = BLR
	autonomous_state = autonomy_reichskommissariat
}
set_autonomy = {
	target = UKR
	autonomous_state = autonomy_reichskommissariat
}
set_autonomy = {
	target = RKK
	autonomous_state = autonomy_reichskommissariat
}
set_autonomy = {
	target = MOS
	autonomous_state = autonomy_reichskommissariat
}


add_ideas = {
	sour_loser
	general_staff
	limited_exports
	limited_conscription
	partial_economic_mobilisation
}

recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_pieck
recruit_character = GER_konrad_adenauer
recruit_character = GER_adolf_hitler
recruit_character = GER_albert_kesselring
recruit_character = GER_alfred_jodl
recruit_character = GER_alfred_saalwachter
recruit_character = GER_erhard_milch
recruit_character = GER_erich_bey
recruit_character = GER_erich_raeder
recruit_character = GER_erich_von_manstein
recruit_character = GER_ernst_udet
recruit_character = GER_ernsteberhard_hell
recruit_character = GER_erwin_rommel
recruit_character = GER_erwin_von_witzleben
recruit_character = GER_ewald_von_kleist
recruit_character = GER_fedor_von_bock
recruit_character = GER_felix_steiner
recruit_character = GER_ferdinand_schorner
recruit_character = GER_franz_halder
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_paulus
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_schulz
recruit_character = GER_georg_von_kuchler
recruit_character = GER_georghans_reinhardt
recruit_character = GER_gerd_von_rundstedt
recruit_character = GER_hermann_goring
recruit_character = GER_gotthard_heinrici
recruit_character = GER_gunther_lutjens
recruit_character = GER_gunther_von_kluge
recruit_character = GER_hasso_von_manteuffel
recruit_character = GER_heinz_guderian
recruit_character = GER_heisenberg
recruit_character = GER_hermann_boehm
recruit_character = GER_hermann_hoth
recruit_character = GER_hugo_sperrle
recruit_character = GER_johannes_blaskowitz
recruit_character = GER_karl_donitz
recruit_character = GER_kurt_student
recruit_character = GER_ludwig_beck
recruit_character = GER_maximilian_von_weichs
recruit_character = GER_otto_ciliax
recruit_character = GER_paul_hausser
recruit_character = GER_ritter_von_greim
recruit_character = GER_sepp_dietrich
recruit_character = GER_viktor_schutze
recruit_character = GER_von_braun
recruit_character = GER_walter_kruger
recruit_character = GER_walter_model
recruit_character = GER_walther_von_brauchitsch
recruit_character = GER_walther_wever
recruit_character = GER_werner_von_fritsch
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_keitel
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_list
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_marschall

recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_ritter_von_leeb
recruit_character = GER_wolfram_von_richthofen

recruit_character = GER_heinrich_himmler
recruit_character = GER_walther_funk
recruit_character = GER_hjalmar_schacht
recruit_character = GER_julius_leber
recruit_character = GER_albert_speer
recruit_character = GER_hans_oster
recruit_character = GER_theodor_heuss
recruit_character = GER_fritz_todt
recruit_character = GER_joachim_von_ribbentrop
recruit_character = GER_ernst_thalmann
recruit_character = GER_rudolf_hess
recruit_character = GER_martin_bormann
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_canaris
recruit_character = GER_joseph_goebbels
recruit_character = GER_konstantin_von_neurath
recruit_character = GER_alfred_hugenberg
recruit_character = GER_kurt_schumacher
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_ii
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_iii
recruit_character = GER_victoria
recruit_character = GER_august_von_mackensen

recruit_character = GER_alexander_von_falkenhausen #Not visible unless recalled from China